https://codepen.io/SinChriss/pen/wveGarW?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It is HTML that gives meaning to our markup
    2. What is HTML used for?
        HTML is used to create the structure of a website. HTML on its own is just words on a page that get broken into different sections.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute can be something like a link or an image. An img attribute would be placed after "src="
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is used for the main title of the page, and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        href and src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The head contains information for the page to load in order to load outside sources. This can be fonts, icons, etc.
    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an identifier that is unique to an entire document. It's used to identify with JS and CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        An id can be added to all elements in HTML. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once per page.
    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute that specifies class name(s). Classes can be used by CSS and Javascript.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        A class can be assigned to all elements in HTML
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you'd like. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        add target="_blank" to your anchor tags.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        An alt attribute is used for instances when the img src link is no longer working/active. The alt attribute will 
        show a text instead. If the image was of your dream car, the alt may display "My dream car" if that link is having
        any kind of issues. This allows those viewing your site to know what image did not load correctly.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections group content and create blocks in a webpage. Div on the other hand is a generic container element 
        used for styling or scripting purposes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To style your HTML code.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used more than one time per page whereas an id should not be used more than once per page. 
        You would use a class when trying to maintain a specific theme of a page.For example, theming all of your paragraphs
        to have the same color background in order to stand out. An id on the other hand would be used to identify one specific 
        section of code that needs to be individually styled. An id can also be used in correlation with Javascript down the line.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector selects all direct children of the specified element. 
        This would be useful when trying to style a specific part of an element, such as a word or phrase within an entire <p>
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A psuedo selector is used to alter a selected element when a certain action hs taken place.
        An example of a psuedo selector would be something like h2:hover or a:visited. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 10px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capital;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border: 1px dotted black;

        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Ctrl + a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm filename.txt You have to be careful because there is no verification prior to deletion.
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 minutes or so.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u branch-name (For first initial push) git push (All future pushes)
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        - Find the project you're planning to work on
        - Fork the project to make it your own
        - Click clone/download and copy the SSH link.
        - Navigate to the location on which you'd like to clone your forked repository.
        - Type git clone "paste link here"
        - Enter into the new repository using cd "repository" Name
        - Create your own branch for the repository by entering git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
        - Work on your project 
        - git add .
        - git commit -m "comment describing changes"
        - git push -u origin "branch-name"
        - Navigate to forked repository on github
        - Click branch:master and select your branch name
        - Click new pull request to make a pull request
        - Click base repository and change the project to your forked project.
        - Click create pull request.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline elements don't typically force a new line, block elemens on the other hand typically do cause line breaks.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        An element that is positioned absolutely, does not follow the flow of the document. It sits on it's own layer in the document
        away from everything else. The rest of the document itself gets positioned as if that element doesn't exist.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?     

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

